Add GCP vault in 2.8.1.3 (#4144)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_hub/kong-inc/vault-auth/0.4.0.md

    - name: tokens_in_body
      required: true
      default: '`false`'
      datatype: boolean
      description: |
        If enabled, the plugin will read the request body (if said request has one and its MIME type is supported) and try to find the key in it. Supported MIME types are `application/www-form-urlencoded`, `application/json`, and `multipart/form-data`.
    - name: hide_credentials
      required: true
      default: '`false`'
      datatype: boolean
      description: |
        An optional boolean value telling the plugin to show or hide the credential from the upstream service. If `true`, the plugin will strip the credential from the request (i.e. the header or querystring containing the key) before proxying it.
    - name: anonymous
      required: false
      default: null
      datatype: string
      description: |
        An optional string (consumer uuid) value to use as an "anonymous" consumer if authentication fails. If empty (default), the request will fail with an authentication failure `4xx`.

>         **Note:** This value must refer to the Consumer `id` attribute that is internal to {{site.base_gateway}}, and **not** its `custom_id`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        **Note:** This value must refer to the Consumer `id` attribute that is internal to Kong Gateway, and **not** its `custom_id`.
```

>         **Note:** This value must refer to the Consumer `id` attribute that is internal to {{site.base_gateway}}, and **not** its `custom_id`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        **Note:** This value must refer to the Consumer `id` attribute that is internal to Kong Gateway, and **not** its `custom_id`.
```
